Let go mom
Kneel down for me, boy
Or I'll kill your mother
You better not provoke me.
I will destroy your whole clan in anger
It's still bragging
I would like to ask
What kind of energy do you have to destroy my ancestors?
You don't need to know that.
But you have to know that as long as I want to
You're all doomed.
Hmph, it seems that you really don't know the sky and the earth
I don't know what part of Lao Tzu
I'm too lazy to talk nonsense with you
I count to three.
If you don't kneel again
You clean him up for your mother
one two
And so forth.
Be merciful
Who are you?
Shen Longshan, Chairperson of Xialongshan Group
You are rich
The richest man in the Dragon Kingdom who can spend more than ten lifetimes
Hahahaha
Great, we finally got a chance to deal with each other
What do you want from me?
You let him go first